src/components/nrql-editor/README.md, before:

# NRQL Editor

A NRQL editor with basic syntax highlighting. The editor includes an account picker. The query and account id are returned when the user hits enter in the query editor, or clicks the button within the editor.

![screenshot](./nrql-editor.png)

## Usage

Import the component:

```javascript
import { NrqlEditor } from '@newrelic/nr-labs-components';
```

Use the component in your code:

```jsx
<NrqlEditor 
  query="SELECT count(*) FROM Transaction FACET appName" 
  accountId={0}
  onSave={res => console.log('onSave response', res)} 
  saveButtonText="Preview" 
/>
```

### Props

- `query` (string) - the initial query to be displayed and edited
- `accountId` (numeric) - the default account id for the account picker
- `onSave` (function) - a callback function that will be called when a user saves their changes
- `saveButtonText` (string) - the text to display on the save button

## Example

```jsx
import React, { useEffect, useState } from 'react';
import { NrqlEditor } from '@newrelic/nr-labs-components';

function MyComponent() {
  const [queryObject, setQueryObject] = useState({
    query: null,
    accountId: null,
  });

  useEffect(() => console.log('query:', queryObject.query), [queryObject.query]);

  useEffect(() => console.log('accountId:', queryObject.accountId), [queryObject.accountId]);

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>NRQL Editor</h1>
      <NrqlEditor 
        query={queryObject.query}
        accountId={queryObject.accountId}
        onSave={({ query, accountId }) => setQueryObject({ query, accountId })} 
        saveButtonText="Save" 
      />
    </div>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

docs: update nrql editor readme

src/components/nrql-editor/README.md, after:

# NRQL Editor

A NRQL editor with basic syntax highlighting. The editor includes an account picker. The query and account id are returned when the user hits the <kbd>Enter</kbd> key in the query editor, or clicks the button within the editor.

![screenshot](./nrql-editor.png)

## Usage

Import the component:

```javascript
import { NrqlEditor } from '@newrelic/nr-labs-components';
```

Use the component in your code:

```jsx
<NrqlEditor 
  query="SELECT count(*) FROM Transaction FACET appName" 
  accountId={0}
  onSave={res => console.log('onSave response', res)} 
  saveButtonText="Preview" 
/>
```

### Props

- `query` (string) - the initial query to be displayed and edited (default is `SELECT * FROM Transaction`)
- `accountId` (numeric) - the default account id for the account picker
- `onSave` (function) - a callback function that will be called when a user saves their changes
- `saveButtonText` (string) - the text to display for the save button (default is `Run`)

## Return value

When a user saves the query, either by hitting <kbd>Enter</kbd> or pressing the save button, the function passed to `onSave` gets called with a query object containing the `nrql` and the `accountId`. If no account has been selected, `accountId` will be `undefined`.

## Example

```jsx
import React, { useEffect, useState } from 'react';
import { NrqlEditor } from '@newrelic/nr-labs-components';

function MyComponent() {
  const [queryObject, setQueryObject] = useState({
    query: null,
    accountId: null,
  });

  useEffect(() => console.log('query:', queryObject.query.replace(/\s/g, ' ')), [queryObject.query]);

  useEffect(() => console.log('accountId:', queryObject.accountId), [queryObject.accountId]);

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>NRQL Editor</h1>
      <NrqlEditor 
        query={queryObject.query}
        accountId={queryObject.accountId}
        onSave={({ query, accountId }) => setQueryObject({ query, accountId })} 
        saveButtonText="Save" 
      />
    </div>
  );
}
```
